docs: tweaks for data fetching, server routes and composables (#6653)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.guide/2.features/9.server-routes.md

**Example:**

```ts [server/routes/hello.ts]
export default defineEventHandler(() => 'Hello World!')
```

Given the example above, the `/hello` route will be accessible at <http://localhost:3000/hello>.

## Server Middleware

Nuxt will automatically read in any file in the `~/server/middleware` to create server middleware for your project.

> Middleware handlers will run on every request before any other server route to add and check some headers, log requests, or extend the event's request object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Middleware handlers will run on every request before any other server route to add or check headers, log requests, or extend the event's request object.
```

### Nitro Configuration

You can use `nitro` key in `nuxt.config` to directly set [Nitro configuration](https://nitro.unjs.io/guide/config).

::alert{type=warning}

> This is an advanced option. Custom config can affect production deployments, as configuration interface might change over time whenever Nitro is upgraded in semver-minor versions of Nuxt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an advanced option. Custom config can affect production deployments, as the configuration interface might change over time when Nitro is upgraded in semver-minor versions of Nuxt.
```
